we're a vegan 46 IPs vegans are known
for building cold molds but this is
actually the first composite fiberglass
hull however that does not mean to be
true as left interesting woodworking
behind them for example look at this
cockpit table when you fold it back you
can see it's more than just a table this
is really a work of art the
craftsmanship in this mahogany cabinetry
is mind blown
look at how they've used the grain to
accomplish different patterns it's just
amazing woodwork at the helm your eyes
do not deceive you it is more the same
just utterly gorgeous woodwork and it's
quite aerodynamic with the exception of
the dual footrest on either side I would
really much rather have this one in the
middle but since this boat is built to
order you can absolutely have one that
way this boat is not cheap this is not a
utility folks god forbid you ever bring
fate and fishing rods aboard but if you
want to utterly immerse yourself into a
work of art step aboard the vision 46
IPs
both insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters